README.md, before:

LP3THW
======

Python 3 solutions to the exercises in Zed Shaw's *Learn Python the Hard Way*. Done as an exercise in developing a more "Pythonic" style of coding. [What's New in Python 3](https://docs.python.org/3/whatsnew/3.0.html) is an indispensable resource for when things don't work.

Read *Learn Python the Hard Way* at http://learnpythonthehardway.org/ and find additional material at [the author's own GitHub](https://github.com/zedshaw/lpthw-study-projects).

If you're new to programming, you should definitely follow the author's advice and do these exercises in Python 2 instead. I am a trained professional.

###Exercise Directory

1. A Good First Program
2. Comments and Pound Characters
3. Numbers and Math
4. Variables and Names
5. More Variables and Printing
6. Strings and Text
7. More Printing
8. Printing, Printing
9. Printing, Printing, Printing
10. What Was That?
11. Asking Questions
12. Prompting People
13. Parameters, Unpacking, Variables
14. Prompting and Passing
15. Reading Files
16. Reading and Writing Files
17. More Files
18. Names, Variables, Code, Functions
19. Functions and Variables
20. Functions and Files
21. Functions Can Return Something
22. What Do You Know So Far?
23. Read Some Code
24. More Practice
25. Even More Practice
26. Congratulations, Take a Test!
27. Memorizing Logic
28. Boolean Practice
29. What If
30. Else and If
31. Making Decisions
32. Loops and Lists
33. While-Loops
34. Accessing Elements of Lists
35. Branches and Functions
36. Designing and Debugging
37. Symbol Review
38. Doing Things to Lists
39. Dictionaries, Oh Lovely Dictionaries
40. Modules, Classes, and Objects
41. Learning to Speak Object Oriented

Commit message:

LPTHW ex42.py - Is-A, Has-A, Objects, and Classes

README.md, after:

LP3THW
======

Python 3 solutions to the exercises in Zed Shaw's *Learn Python the Hard Way*. Done as an exercise in developing a more "Pythonic" style of coding. [What's New in Python 3](https://docs.python.org/3/whatsnew/3.0.html) is an indispensable resource for when things don't work.  [PEP 8 - Style Guide for Python Code](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008) is a good resource for Python coding conventions.

Read *Learn Python the Hard Way* at http://learnpythonthehardway.org/ and find additional material at [the author's own GitHub](https://github.com/zedshaw/lpthw-study-projects).

If you're new to programming, you should definitely follow the author's advice and do these exercises in Python 2 instead. I am a trained professional.

###Exercise Directory

1. A Good First Program
2. Comments and Pound Characters
3. Numbers and Math
4. Variables and Names
5. More Variables and Printing
6. Strings and Text
7. More Printing
8. Printing, Printing
9. Printing, Printing, Printing
10. What Was That?
11. Asking Questions
12. Prompting People
13. Parameters, Unpacking, Variables
14. Prompting and Passing
15. Reading Files
16. Reading and Writing Files
17. More Files
18. Names, Variables, Code, Functions
19. Functions and Variables
20. Functions and Files
21. Functions Can Return Something
22. What Do You Know So Far?
23. Read Some Code
24. More Practice
25. Even More Practice
26. Congratulations, Take a Test!
27. Memorizing Logic
28. Boolean Practice
29. What If
30. Else and If
31. Making Decisions
32. Loops and Lists
33. While-Loops
34. Accessing Elements of Lists
35. Branches and Functions
36. Designing and Debugging
37. Symbol Review
38. Doing Things to Lists
39. Dictionaries, Oh Lovely Dictionaries
40. Modules, Classes, and Objects
41. Learning to Speak Object Oriented
42. Is-A, Has-A, Objects, and Classes
